This is a head gamma original.
Getting things started full steam ahead Tuesday morning.
We've got Justin Linville on the horn.
Stop clap clap.
Thank you.
Everyone that I know knows you and loves you Justin.
So I had to have you on the show.
Thank you.
For this country known for what you do in the shadows known for improv galore.
And did I mention crashing?
No, you didn't mention crashing.
And not everybody does mention crashing.
So thank you.
You were in that.
I was in that crown, but still.
That was not background.
You had lines for sure.
That was a foul.
That was the flash this country, which was the working title of it.
It wasn't it.
It was the working title, but for some reason they changed it.
For reasons beyond my knowledge.
I still call this country because my friend worked in casting on it.
And she calls it this country still.
I like this country more, but hey, that's just me.
All right, that's just me.
Wow.
That's just breaking.
You should just have your finger over that sound effect.
The delayed bomb drop.
Right.
Be as quick with the bomb as you are with that one.
There's a problem.
There's a delay on the bomb drop.
So when I click it, it already is like two beats and then it drops.
I've looked at these sounds yourselves.
Yeah.
I could.
It does have quite an effect, though.
It's like, it's a two parts sort of effect, which is like,
mouth, a gate, weight, one second.
And then the bomb drop.
Yeah.
And then with this is never before,
is Maria Cabrón, the on the sacks and J.
Kerritz on the facts.
Good.
I posted to my Instagram story, Jonathan Villan on the facts.
And everybody was like, I always thought it was facts.
F.A.K.
X.
I did as well.
Yeah.
And it is definitely the way I said it.
But it's always been a fact.
To you.
Well, that's interesting.
Yeah.
All right.
Major key alert.
Domestic travel is just as important as international.
I'm in New York for the week.
We're doing this live show on Friday.
And I've had unbelievable experiences thus far.
And this one's going to be another one.
Thanks for recording.
Yes.
Giving yourself the applause.
Hello.
Justin, how are you?
What have you been up to recently?
What are you excited about in life?
What are you passionate about?
Four.
These are a lot of big questions.
Yeah.
Recently, I don't know.
I just sort of just been like...
What?
I had a birthday party.
Small birthday party watched the Muppet movie.
That was fun.
Happy birthday.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
It was an early birthday party.
So it's actually my birthday next week.
Wow.
Happy birthday.
Thank you.
I appreciate it.
But yeah.
What else have it into?
I don't know.
This is sort of, I wish I knew that the question was coming.
Because I would have prepared.
The two very different questions.
What have you been up to?
And what have you passionate for?
It assumes that you've only been up to your passion.
That's the last week.
Sorry.
I guess that would be the most important thing.
What am I passionate of?
Passionate of heart.
Passionate of mind.
Yeah.
Passionate of body and soul.
Um.
It's really loading on a fit.
What you were saying?
I feel like.
But do you load these in?
How, how many cues do you have here?
He has too many.
And he's a little trigger happy with them.
Now he's sure.
Yeah.
Okay.
Oh my god.
They're like absent.
Do you this?
Oh my god.
I'm getting a virus as we press these buttons.
It's also I can because of the cookies.
I just know exactly what your searches are.
I can.
The ads are so attractive to you.
Venti chips and potty barn.
Yeah.
Etsy fashion.
Defusing oils.
Um.
No.
Just in your passionate of.
Passionate of.
I'm trying to think of something I did in the past week.
Passionate of body mind soul.
Passionate.
I mean, this might be something.
You know, there's a Winnie the Poom musical coming out on Broadway.
They're really.
I think it's off Broadway.
Off Broadway.
Peter Rowe.
They're looking to cast a Christopher Robin.
And they're looking specifically for like 12 year olds.
And I remember I like, I told my agent about this.
And I was like, can I audition for this?
And he was like, that might be fun.
And then he like went back and they're like,
no, they're really looking for like a 12 year old.
And I was like, can I, can I, can I still audition?
Give me the size.
Let me do Christopher Robb.
And please.
I.
I love when you appear.
I do kind of want to see that.
I know it's for children.
I really do.
But I just want to understand what's going on in there.
They're.
They're all, all the good ones are for children.
That that's like what the.
You know, that's what all the stories are.
It's, it's Disney.
It's Pixar.
Those are those are the, those are the goats.
They're all for children.
But that's fine.
It's going to enjoy them.
I wept like a baby at Moana.
And that's okay.
That's normal.
I wasn't going through other shit.
It was just the beauty of the story.
I.
I would just break your clothes next time I see you.
That's my new favorite sound.
It's clear.
It's so rude.
But I'm up at movies also for kids.
That's a good one.
That's for kids.
A kids and adults.
You know.
Yeah.
All ages.
Oh, over the garden wall.
Technically could be for kids.
But unbelievably.
I think it's a George sob.
And I think it's a perfect piece of media.
It's great.
Fantastic.
I remember even heard of it.
What is it?
That's.
Can you not bring this sour to the show today?
I think we need the energy out.
It was a curiosity.
What you said was the best piece of media.
Here we go.
You want us to wax.
You want us to have discourse.
I didn't say my ask a question about something.
The audience might be asking more questions.
They might be curious.
And I'm getting.
Fucking herring by the Russian national cartoon.
It's like spooky.
It's an hour long.
It's on HBO.
It's good.
It's.
It's good music.
Yeah.
I'm the highway man.
Kind of like adventure land adjacent feeling in terms of tone.
We're adventure adventure time.
Yeah.
Sorry.
Not the movie adventure land.
I was interested.
Like.
How could a cartoon about Halloween on HBO be adjacent to adventure land?
When I was there.
That like that was the first time I was kind of convinced to actually
I was being called out.
Also like computer background is the tree house from adventure time.
So that's sad for me.
Yeah.
That is not sad for you.
Not sad for you.
No.
None of this being hard in yourself stuff.
Okay.
Yeah.
You mentioned that.
I asked.
That's a major.
That's a major key alert of the day.
Yeah.
That's something you can be passionate about actually.
I asked Justin if he had any questions about the show.
Or if he had listened to it.
And he's like, I listened to the last few video episodes.
And today none of this being hard on yourself stuff.
I'm not ever hard on myself.
I'm the quick.
I'm the first person to like really pat myself on the back for doing a good job here.
It's all this.
These co-workers of mine that spew poison at me.
For effort.
Sure.
Yes.
You're right.
I'm having the podcast thing where you're or being on a podcast where you listen to.
And you kind of know some dynamics of the posted.
You know, I'm sort of just laughing at everybody.
Was that a mistake?
Do you like click the wrong button or do you do it?
Like it feels almost like the applause is just your cancel it out.
Like you started something.
You didn't want it.
You're like hit the applause.
It'll be over.
Don't make that a lie.
Okay.
Can you also?
I want to describe this.
Can you share screen again?
Because I think the audio listeners might want to know what exactly you're looking at.
There's a video listeners.
This is going to be on YouTube, right?
Yes.
Okay.
Sure.
I have these buttons and then like they correspond to different sounds.
And time.
Got the time.
Hey.
It's a series.
It's a series of.
What's why won't you die?
What?
Oh, you want to know what?
Why won't you die?
That's a fucking series.
You know, any breaking news, etc.
Now I kind of have to say something.
Carrier being still refusing the vaccine has come out yesterday.
I think saying that he won't even consider getting it this season.
Then you can just play that NBA draft point again.
That one.
Right?
Yeah.
It's a good intro and outro to like a piece of a piece of go.
You know.
Yeah.
It's a good job.
What's eat as yell.
Oh, I will eat your ass.
All right.
I assume the later part of the episodes.
Jeff has four tabs open that saying microwave sound.
Oh, no.
When that is absolutely not.
Forget that you can see all of that.
So this brings us to the wax portion of the afternoon.
Have you already waxed?
What were we doing?
We were waxing.
But now it's the official wax.
Now it's the official wax.
Now we just kind of get into anything that we're thinking of.
That was the pre wax.
Now we're into the wax.
Yeah.
Exactly.
Okay.
Much nicer explanation.
Just we don't really know each other at all.
We were Twitter Mutuals.
But I knew of you.
I know homes.
I know Taylor or Taga.
They all sing your praises.
Jake's wife knows of you.
Oh, everybody.
I know knows you.
Okay.
My wife knows of you.
Can you play?
Can you fucking believe that?
Jake's wife actually knows of you.
And knows what you're passionate of.
Is that?
Is that how it was phrased?
Nice.
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
So loud.
I was making fun of you.
And you interrupted with the soundboard, right?
Yes.
I didn't like what you were saying.
Can I ask?
Is the phrasing?
I don't know your wife.
But is the phrasing?
I know of this person.
Is that Jeffrey James editorializing?
Or is that?
I think it's because my wife works in the TV and film industry.
So can saying that is like saying that you are a credible performer.
That's what I think is.
Is that correct, Jeff?
Yes.
It was actually that's correct.
But it's also that just I feel like I kept circling just.
And so this is kind of us finally.
You know, she was passing the night, obviously.
And then finally like we docked.
And now we get to go to all the pirate bars.
And you know, hire a wench.
And be drunk on rum and be married.
And you have to be like pirate bars to just actually being pirates.
And we'll bury our duty for landing.
Nice.
Oh fuck me.
And this is just a comment.
But my brother's name is Jeremy Linville.
And like Jeremy Lin.
Yes.
It's like a city named after Jeremy Lin.
Yeah.
Exactly.
Okay.
That's just a fun stuff.
That would have been good.
Yeah, that would have been the time.
Nothing from America for the better part of five minutes, right?
I'm the only one that actually knows Justin.
So I was letting everyone else for five years.
Just letting everyone else get their stories out of the way.
Do you have a story to tell?
I hear I do have a good story about Justin.
I remember one time you flew.
Would you have Texas?
I'm sorry.
We do have to.
I'm so sorry.
Thank you.
15 minutes.
More chance to check this phone.
That's pretty good.
That means the episode's going well.
Welcome to Bond of the Week.
Oh my god.
How are we supposed to do it in three weeks?
I don't know, every week until the next Bond is cast.
Wait a second.
Oh, you said until the next Bond comes out.
Wait, was that the wax?
That's the wax.
You cut it off midwax.
You want this midwax?
See, I meant I can ask for not speaking.
When I try to speak, I'm cut off.
Well, it's 15 minutes.
We have a lot to get to today.
Yeah.
So, what are you guys' bonds of the week?
Let me pull up my list again.
I suppose to guess who the next Bond is going to be.
I guess who you're going to be this week.
It's Robert Pattinson for me, dog.
Yeah.
All day.
That's pretty good.
Pretty good.
It's actually perfect.
Did you see Tenet?
He's back.
He's better than ever.
Back.
Tenet.
I loved Tenet.
I thought it was incredible.
I understand the fucking second of it.
It's five.
Tenet's five is only.
No one understands any movie.
So, you might as well just give yourself over to not getting it at all.
It's a beautiful film.
And Pattinson could absolutely be Bond.
Because he's still smoldering.
And he's got that swagger.
He's got that charm.
He's the man.
He's British to boot.
It's game over for you.
You don't have another Bond.
Maybe.
When you guys said Dev Patel, you were on to something.
Because I felt like that one.
That was solid.
Yeah.
Do you see where this Jeff?
It's hard.
Because like now, I, somebody,
mentioned me on Twitter saying that Pierce Brosnan's Irish.
So that, you know, they could be Irish.
I don't think that we can have it American Bond.
But, um, let's go Andrew Scott.
Hot priest.
From feedback.
Hmm.
Do you see areas?
No.
No choice.
Fine.
Then Maria.
Also here's his back.
And Eddie.
Was he who?
Yeah.
Let's go.
Colin O'Donogue.
You're not even.
Yeah.
You're just about there.
Is that, um, the captain hook from, uh,
once upon a time.
That is, that is.
He's pretty handsome.
Yeah.
I watched that show.
Justin.
Um,
I would like to see a Richard kind, um,
James Bond movie.
Is he dead?
No.
Oh, talking.
I thought he was dead.
I think I completed it with that other.
Fred, whatever his last name is.
Jesus.
Richard kind.
Yeah.
I thought he was gone.
All wrong.
He has to be British.
I thought this guy was dead as well.
Okay.
Ben and things so recently.
Also, I don't, I don't think he can leave it on Fred.
What's his last name?
It names Fred Willard.
Fred Willard.
I also saw somebody on the street in Echo Park last week.
Oh, God.
It was a dead ringer for Fred Willard.
And I was like.
No way.
He faked his own death.
And is walking the honey high to get a fucking assay.
I think he can tell people get a reference.
I think he can tell people that you did see him and that he did fake his own death.
Honey high.
Yes.
What is honey high?
I like a trendy cafe in Echo Park.
Okay.
Yeah.
They've good coffee.
It's kind of it.
They saw like drinks with mushrooms in them.
Like not the drug.
Drugs.
Okay.
I didn't get my bond of Louis.
Yeah.
No.
We're not done.
It's been awesome.
So I just was congratulating us on that.
Um.
I'm going to go.
Really?
Well, okay.
You can piggyback on if you heard the best bond today.
You can second or the second yours.
I mean, yeah.
I don't think she's going to second Richard kind.
Right.
Maybe who knows who knows.
It's time for a kinder.
Bob.
A different kind of bond.
Um.
Okay.
So it's too fit.
It's just him on the cover.
With this face.
Exactly.
No.
Yeah.
Take the one next to it with the sweater.
The sweater.
See to me.
That's good.
No time to die.
That's the same title.
No, that one's just time to die.
Okay.
Um.
I don't know.
Let's go.
With for my choice of bond.
Um.
I think I will say.
Okay.
Jesus.
I'm going to go.
Rave.
Small.
Great.
Can we get a second?
Give me a second.
I'm going to let her drink.
Okay.
R.F.E.
No.
Immediate.
Yeah.
I don't know.
He's.
He's too.
He's too blonde to be.
He's too pale.
He's.
Oh, my.
Like some of these photos are just not starters.
Maria.
But like the first two.
I mean, he's wearing like a great text.
Yeah.
The first two.
But Daniel Craig at any angle looks.
Absolutely divine.
Made of stone.
Made of absolute.
Yeah.
Sure.
What about?
No.
Bringing.
I wouldn't be down to bring back Pierce because Pierce pierced by heart and veil.
And he's on a veil.
For bond.
I like that industry talk just and you know what I'm talking about.
Because you book, man.
You book.
What did you call it?
What do you say?
On being on a veil.
Yeah.
I love it.
I was looking at brave small.
And he might be a good bond.
Who knows?
I stand by my choice.
I don't think bond doesn't have to be good at his job.
So he can like be a little incompetent bond.
I think it'd be fun.
Yeah.
That's not fun.
Bond has to be fucking smooth.
Yes, to be a smooth operator.
Yeah.
I want to blustering sort of a foolish bond.
That's kind of my my thing.
I want you to kind to just be late to things.
Yeah.
Oh, God.
Sorry.
Three kids.
I'm sorry.
Not that.
Thank you.
All right.
We do have to take a break.
But we will be right back after a word from these sponsors.
Thank you to man's gift for sponsoring this episode of our show.
Guys, there's a lot of trends that are in this fall, but you know what's not one of them.
A wild and hairy bush.
Tamier pubes with the help of our friends at man's gate.
The leaders in below the waste grooming.
Their fourth generation performance package includes the brand new lawnmower 4.0.
If an athlete treats their body like royalty, why not treat your pubes like Olympic gold?
Tell us.
Do right by your balls and join the 2 million men worldwide who trust man's gift by going
to man'scape.com with the code.
What's that?
Listen, I've hurt my balls on many applications.
I sliced in dice those little guys.
Oh, way too much.
And it hasn't happened since I moved over to man's gift and started using the lawnmower.
I've been using the lawnmower 4.0 trimmer on their Instagram ads and this isn't in the copy,
but they have this thing where they put the trimmer right onto the little skin between your first
finger and your thumb and it doesn't cut it.
Which means that the lawnmower 4.0 trimmer does cut it.
If you know what I mean.
Talk about a world-class dismount into a post-quarantine world.
The performance package is the perfect package for your package and peak performance in whatever
sport you desire.
After trimming your pubes, show them some sportsmanship with man'scape's liquid formulations.
The crop-preserver ball deodorant and the crop-reviver ball toner are key to feeling victorious
this year.
It's also through in two free gifts to their performance package 4.0.
The man'scape boxers and the shed travel bag.
So get 20% off plus free shipping with the code.
What's that at man'scape.com?
That's 20% off plus free shipping with the code.
A cheap pubic glory this year with man'scape.
Aren't you a buck?
I hated that.
It's like a gentleman thing, y'all.
No.
So you fear the audio from on my end for this one's going to be unusable because I'm hearing an echo.
Yeah.
I can almost hear it.
I hear it a little bit in the zoom.
So it's going to be bad.
Should I go on in that closet behind you?
It's not a walk-in.
It's a talk-in.
All you need to do is talk into the clothes of the closet.
That's serching.
Really?
I've been reading about the host.
This is absurd.
We're talking no plus for that.
Not for that.
Now I got an alert that says the host would like you to unmute.
But I could stay muted.
I have the control.
So long.
I'll do it.
Welcome to...
Justin Linville.
Justin, if you went to Vegas last the last time you went to Vegas last the next time you go to Vegas.
What are you doing?
What are you getting up to, man?
Everything there stays there.
So your options are thereby opened to possibilities of joy.
I've been thinking about this a lot.
Because I don't understand anything he just said.
You said I've been thinking about this a lot.
I think I'm translating Jeff into what would you do in Las Vegas?
I'm not.
It's like a start.
I've been getting into...
I'll preface this thing.
I've been taking a singing class.
What?
For Robin.
Yeah.
Which is why I was like I want to do a Christopher Robin.
And they're like you are not 12.
But I can sing.
But can sing or I'm trying to sing.
But I started...
I was working on the song Donkishane by Wayne Newton.
And I don't know if he could know anything about Wayne Newton.
But he is like...
He basically wrote and performed the song Donkishane at 21.
And it's still in Las Vegas performing today.
And he's like 80 years old.
I would love...
And also the crazy Wayne Newton thing is he is an Arabian horse breeder.
So he has an estate where he has bread over 700 Arabian horses in the sort of lifetime of this estate.
Oh my god.
And his sailor to have.
Near Las Vegas.
For sale.
So it's like hacks.
It's like hacks.
It is.
And it also his estate is museum.
And a living museum.
So he's living in this estate.
And it's also a museum.
I think.
And utterly ridiculous.
Sorry, ridiculous.
Sorry, I'm right good.
So I would fly into Las Vegas and then go visit.
Wayne Newton's estate.
Whatever it is.
It's called Castle Shenandoah.
Castle Shenandoah.
It's crazy.
It relates to nothing.
You just wanted to call it Shenandoah.
So it's like blending Spanish and Native American.
Yeah.
Right.
Yes.
And he also.
There's some stuff where he sort of claims to have some ancestry that's not quite proven.
There's a lot in the Wayne Newton sort of wormhole that I've went down.
But that or served to Soleil.
Yeah.
Well, you have a whole weekend.
That's the level of debauchery.
I think I'm I'm out for these days.
That in the Wolfgang Puck buffet.
Yeah.
Um.
Cool.
That's a problem.
That one is just that there's like, yeah, there's enough silent.
Okay.
Sure.
That's all I need.
Unless you want to add anything just in.
Oh, I'm great.
Thank you.
You're an asshole.
We should say that Jake was 10 minutes late and also texted us 40 minutes prior saying,
I have a hard out on 11.
And now he's dancing like he doesn't have a hard out.
Actually, 10 45 that I have to get going.
Is.
Are you kidding?
No.
Yes.
Is that Mike is fleece or do you have the same one as him?
He has the same one as me.
He has the same one as Marty also.
How fun.
Yes. Yes.
Yes.
But not the exact same.
Mike got the literal exact same.
What is this me?
I do think I have a photo of both of you wearing it.
Yeah.
We'll often wear the same clothes because, okay.
No, you can keep talking over it.
All right.
He has a family.
I know.
It doesn't matter.
I know he can talk over it, but you can't talk over that part, right?
I know he can encourage us to keep talking.
Let's finish the story about the quarters of this.
Me?
Justin, Justin, Justin, that story is well, it seems.
Oh, Justin, what's up?
I was just saying that I know that I know that Jake can talk over that,
but should he talk over that?
Okay.
Well, that brings us to our next segment.
What?
Microwave?
Or, it's Microwave, babe.
Um, what are the rules?
The rules are thus.
You always pause like you want us to, like, fucking clap when we just give the name of us.
That would be great.
It's always met with stunned silence.
I've never ever heard anyone be like,
Oh, tight.
Yes.
Clap, clap, clap, clap.
One second then.
In almost two years, that Marieka was like, okay, this is going to be fun.
Yeah.
And I don't know what to do.
It was exciting.
Yeah.
All right.
So I'm pretty.
I'm going to play a sound.
And you have to attribute it to a microwave or someone explaining away their micro penis.
It's like explaining away than it wouldn't be.
It's Microwave.
Because that would explain away.
That would come.
That way.
Come explain away.
Come explain away this pain.
I have a question.
Yeah.
Wait.
I can't imagine any of this not being clear.
I'm just curious.
I explain away part.
I don't know if you can necessarily explain it away,
rather than contextualize it, right?
You can sort of say, like, hey, just so you know, I have a micro penis.
You know, I don't know.
People are saying.
Honestly, face.
Yeah.
What I will play the game.
But I'm curious about explaining away.
Well, we'll get into it.
We'll get into it.
Let's see.
Okay.
It gets bigger.
I think I'm just a little nervous.
Oh my god.
Explain away.
I also your voice.
Let's go back.
That's correct.
Again, this is for actual cash.
Maria, can you just $100?
It's $100 for every right answer.
$100 owed to me for every wrong answer.
And here's the next one.
Excuse me.
Sorry if this is a weird ask.
But can you put some of these directs in, like, a magnum box?
So that it.
Yeah.
No.
Okay.
That was explaining away.
Correct.
All right.
Microwave.
That's absolutely correct.
I'm out $300.
You guys are all up.
That's this is horrible to me.
But here we go.
Microwave.
That's absolutely correct.
I'm out $300.
You guys are all up.
That's this is horrible to me.
But here we go.
Microwave.
That was a trick.
Question.
What year?
That was like 2004.
Yeah.
But it was in horrible condition.
Right.
Yeah.
It needs a new fan belt.
It is what it is.
It's not explaining it away.
That's confessing that you have a micro penis.
It's coming off.
It's not like you're coming to Jesus moment.
It's never going to get bigger.
Jake is in the lead with $200.
It's winter takes all.
So here we go.
Set a microwave with like metal in it.
It's just really peaking microwave.
File.
Back up to $200.
Here we go.
Oh, it's so loud, awful to hear, microwave.
Well, let's hear it out.
Oh.
That's correct though, Maria is tied with Jake for two minutes.
Why did you want to finish the sound clip?
I have a pimple.
And I know you guys are thinking about it.
I can't see it.
I have a stressed pimple because of the show.
Yeah, that's a bad time to get it.
I know.
But I got some cover up.
Justin.
Great.
Here we go.
Last one.
I have a micro penis.
So that's a deal breaker.
All cards on the table and you're gone.
I get a lot of explaining away.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
But, uh, Maria wins $300.
This is beyond fucked.
Oh, so I feel like I should have gotten a prize for guessing all of those hair dryers,
which was way harder.
Yeah, but I didn't have money at that point.
That didn't make any sense that you gave it all the pile.
Yeah.
Can I also say, none of those are necessarily the way you should.
If you have a micro penis, I wouldn't necessarily explain it away in any of those ways.
I'd maybe just sort of try to have a sort of frank conversation with your partner about it.
If this is a deal breaker, we're done.
I would be like, well, the thing is you're really big.
So my penis is actually normal.
I would convince normal.
They're a giant.
Are you going to do some sort of?
Wow.
Yep.
This is hard because I only had a thousand.
I had a Tao and I'm in New York.
So obviously having to spend money.
Right.
Yeah.
Hmm.
I received it.
Thank you.
Fuck me.
It's a nice day.
I just have to mentally get there.
I'll say one second.
Oh.
Such an infuriating sound because it gets louder and louder.
Okay.
I didn't mean to press that.
I'm sorry.
All right.
Here you go.
Last game.
You guys ready?
Yeah.
E.A. Sports.
It's in the game.
I ran out of intro music, so we're just going to use that.
Welcome to two questions.
Have you guys played 20 questions?
Yeah.
Well, this is two questions.
See you at it.
Two to narrow it down.
Okay.
All right.
Maria, you're up first.
I've got it.
I've got something in mind.
Let's kind of start asking.
Is it food?
No.
Is it an animal?
It was dockers.
Justin, you're up.
I've got it.
It's a bigger than a bread box.
Yes.
Is it living?
It's.
I might have to give you that one.
It's hot couture.
Is that it?
Which is in a way life itself.
Okay.
Wait, what is hot couture?
Hot couture is like high fashion, I think.
Okay.
It's like whatever the opposite of off the rack is.
Should I get that right?
Yeah.
I'll give you that one.
It's bigger than a bread box and it's maybe living.
Thank you.
What is hot couture if it's not alive and adapting for the times?
Sorry.
Every ball stick to the game.
Much like Daniel.
Radcliffe in the role of bond.
What do you guys think?
It's fun.
That's fun.
I could I could see it.
To go from miracle workers to that is would be the best turn ever.
All right.
Jake.
I got it.
Is it sauce?
It's not.
It's a good one.
I wish that it had been.
It was algae.
What?
Got the algae.
She.
And that's.
She's like a combination of algae and colonjose.
Or really.
Sauce and colonjose.
You get algae.
Yeah.
But she got it.
Is it Sasha Baron Cohen?
Uh, no.
Is it smaller than a bread box?
It is.
But that's it.
That's two questions.
It was throat culture.
Wait a second.
Don't you get to guess?
Yeah.
Don't you get to do two questions and then guess or two?
The throat can chew.
Um, my heart out is now.
I'm using that because you want to get out.
Yes.
You do get to guess.
For dot about that.
Um, yeah.
And throat culture is when you wear.
Prada runway outfits to get strip B checked out.
Here we go.
Back to Justin.
This one's a real trick you want.
Okay.
Is it.
I'll go with bigger than a bread box.
It's almost more ethereal.
It's not.
You can't answer that.
There's no questions.
Other fucking guys supposed to get these.
Yeah.
Exactly.
My second question is, is it almost more ethereal?
Or is it more ethereal?
It's more ethereal.
Okay.
Now you're guess.
Um.
Uh,
Is it speeding in a car?
I might have to give you that one.
What is it?
It was a wretched ways of thought.
Wow.
That's yeah.
It's close.
It's close enough for two questions.
I'll give you that one.
Sure.
Uh, and we'll wrap it up with.
Uh, her wits.
That's probably.
Is it bigger than a bread box?
Uh, ideally not.
Can you eat it?
You can.
It's my group.
Things.
I'll give you that one.
It's a UTI.
And you're starting it with you.
Can consume things.
Yeah.
Game over.
Plugs.
Wow.
Justin, what do you have going on?
What do you want to point the people to the floor is yours.
Go social media projects.
Uh, flash.
Uh, etc.
Sure.
Yeah.
I'm.
Uh, at Justin and Lynnville in social media.
Uh, the.
I'm going to show a call welcome to flash.
That's coming out.
Uh, it looks like March 2022.
So it'll be a little while.
And then, um,
I've podcast called my injustice.
Excellent week.
My friend Maya Sharma.
Hell yeah.
Yeah.
Um, so yeah, definitely.
What's a good episode for people to listen to for the first time?
Um, we're coming out with new episodes like starting next week on Planet
Scum, which is a digital company network.
Um, so probably that first one, which will be on October 25th, 8 p.m.
Hell yeah.
Uh, so that all three days after this comes out.
Three days.
And I've decided that scarves are in.
I like this whole thin scarf.
So I just want to say scarves are back.
And scarves are back and just a little scarf.
You can tie.
Oh, you know what?
Yeah.
Just sort of.
You're new in that.
And I think they said that is great fire.
Yeah.
Jeff's eyes just lit the fuck up.
No, because I have a new style option.
Yeah.
Scars and pocket squares and mascots.
Mmm.
mascots are crazy.
Ascotts are basks.
Gotts.
They are those.
I want to a drug.
Yeah.
Yeah, I want to.
Your heart out is now.
Get out of here.
Yeah.
All right.
Cool.
Bye, everybody.
Thanks so much.
Um.
Moorika Plugs.
Well, this comes out on the 22nd.
So if you're listening on the 22nd.
Yeah.
You should still come to head.
Come live on the 23rd.
See.
Gaperses.
Uh, power hour.
With the dough boys.
Adam Pally and Allison.
Lie beat.
I don't know how to pronounce her last name.
I think it's laid be right.
I don't know.
I'll find out on Saturday.
Um.
So come to that.
Follow me on.
Twitter Instagram and letter boxed.
At Marie Kaylon.
Um.
And you can follow me on Instagram at Jeffrey James on Twitter at Jeff Boyardy.
And yes, this comes out on Friday the 22nd.
So if you are in the Tri-state area or anywhere within trainer driving distance and want to come to the head of gun podcast live show.
So it is at 7 p.m.
Grammarcy Theatre ticket still available at headgum.com slash live.
Um, but if not, we'll see you guys again next week.
Justin, thanks so much for doing the show.
Thanks for having me.
Appreciate it.
We'll catch you on the flip.
Diesel.
Haven't done it in a while.
Yeah.
That was a hit-dum original.